Reformat build guide and add note about building serially when debugging the build process (#17029)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/dev/buildingNVDA.md

While simply testing or committing changes, it may be faster usually just doing `scons source` as user documentation will change each time the revision number changes.

> You can speed up scons calls by appending the `--all-cores` or `-j N` (where `N` is the number of cores to use) parameter to the call, however note that this can cause errors, and output will be scrambled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can speed up scons calls by appending the following CLI parameters:

- `-j N`, where `N` is the number of cores to use while building
- `--all-cores` to use all cores.

However note that building across cores can cause errors, and output will be scrambled.
```

```cmd

> scons source --all-cores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scons source --all-cores
scons checkPot -j 1
```

scons source --all-cores
```

If you are experiencing errors building NVDA with threading enabled, please force a serial build with the `-j 1` parameter.
This will make tracking down the issue much easier, and may even resolve it.

## Running the Source Code

It is possible to run NVDA directly from source without having to build the full binary package and launcher.
To launch NVDA from source, using `cmd.exe`, execute `runnvda.bat` in the root of the repository.

To view help on the arguments that NVDA will accept, use the `-h` or `--help` option.
These arguments are also documented in the [user guide](https://www.nvaccess.org/files/nvda/documentation/userGuide.html#CommandLineOptions).

> ## Building NVDA

Reviewer: is this anchor used anywhere?

Author: I searched the repo for `buildingNVDA.md#building-nvda` and didn't come up with anything. Note that its implicit slug would clash with the top heading though anyway.
